hey Branagh sorry yeah welcome back to
this is not a let's player I think this
is just showing you a few texture packs
on Age of Empires 2 HD Edition we'll get
back to this lap a bit you can see all
the trees or the grass everything is
different this if I can quickly show you
a farm on these phagosome way yeah so
the trees different berries are still
the same you see like stone stones
different and the sitting fastened with
gold is gold basically like a proper
vein so this is either 1 or 2 texture
packs and 100's or see what Oz Harrah's
las Heras full texture pack version for
cold edition the links will be in the
description if you want to protect them
and the other one I've got on is Mike's
and me let me treat you find it Mike's
room textures HD which is more of a
water one but at the moment you can't
see the water because I've got the larva
one on the last one is called as
Harrah's moving lava pack
I was Harris was hot was Hara isn't a
lot of texture packs already on this
game and I do recommend them and I
remember I mean alongside with Mike's
room textures say bareback and I will
quickly take off the top and then where
I'm welcome back this is what the water
of these sorry okay they've
realizing it turkeys on this game yeah
this is what the water looks like with
my ex HD texture pack it's not as big as
that the lava one but it's just little
changes that is it makes a proper flow
and water that makes a big difference to
be honest there's little things that
make it this is dry heard of gazelle or
deer sorry sorry yeah this is about this
one our quorum was one change about it
does work well with the eyes Aras once
and I've got one more to show you guys
see that it's a simple things simple
changes at work this last one to show
you guys is somewhat big one so beer
rack hey guys have you ever wondered
what it's like to be up in space
fighting but without spaceships well as
you can see from this that if you've got
its basically changes the little water
and the shallow land to smoke the war is
now like just space will pop your fish
flying and jumping around and the
showered lanterns these rock masses it's
so coach it gives you some what I think
like threw up in space I'm like a planet
versus casually flying everywhere
so yeah this is um is our as space pack
as I said bazzara has done a hell of a
lot so anyway guys thanks watchin - so
cool anyway